psalm 139
Sir, you probed me and you know me.
You know when my hundred and when I
I get up from afar you enter my
thoughts would frame my walk and the
my bed and you know all my
The paths still word me I did not get to
language and you already know all take
certain behind and on
and you put on me evil acts such
knowledge is too wonderful for
I'm super high
I can not reach
Where will I retire from your spirit?
Where to get away from and your face
If you go up to the skies there is
if I make my bed in the deepest
abyss
there it is also taking the wings of the
dawn and I stand in the
seas still licking will guide your
hand and act of this me succeed to you I say
darkness did not cover up and the
light around me will be made at night until
darkness itself did not weave dark
darkness and light are the same as
you are márcio thousand inside the mtc in the
my mother's breast thanks to the gift
that by way of astonishingly wonderful
me form the two works are admirable
and my class knows it very well
My bones have not been covered
when in the hidden was formed and
interwoven as in the depths of
Earth
your eyes have seen me the substance
still informed and in your book were
enrolled all my days each
written and determined when
none of them were precious yet
for me God is your thoughts
and how great is the sum of them if the
count and give up the grains of sand
count count and never reach the
order to take God from these perverse cable
turn away men of blood from me
they rebel against you
and as god enemies speak malice not
It bothers you that hate you and
we do not hate that you hire yourself
I hate them with consuming hate
for me they are enemies in fact probe me
God knows my heart, prove me
know my thoughts see if there is
me some bad way and guide me through
path and earth
[Music]